---

layout: post.liquid
title: September 2025

---

## September 2025

Let me just say it: this is one of the most intensive ones for me so far. Many things contributed, from selling Communities Club, the social circle app, to writing my first few checks for ambitious founders.

I think an update is long overdue, to all friends, investors, and believers.

Let’s address Outer (dot) Computer first. For those that don’t remember — it was the AI-native, self prioritizing workspace merging and helping you manage your work and personal to-do’s seamlessly. I started working on it shortly after Communities Club was acquired. The waitlist and interest grew quite quickly, but unfortunately I realized that the core need just wasn’t quite there just as quickly. After speaking with many wonderful people from the waitlist and even showing it to some early testers, I decided to shut down the project and focus my efforts somewhere else. Thank you to those who tested, contributed or helped in any other way.

I also semi-recently explored angel investing. I envisioned that writing small checks ($1-5k) would be a good way to give back to the community that helped me so much when I built my previous companies. This actually went quite well, including me joining VC Lab at one point to explore starting a small fund. As with many explorations however, I realized that this is not something that excites me enough to pursue for the next 5+ years of my life.

Currently, I’m no longer writing any checks, but if you’re building something cool, please feel free to reach out regardless. I might be able to help some other way.

In the time of chaos and uncertainty, not really knowing what to put my focus towards, I found one thing to keep me sane — contributing to open source software. I’m very glad to have gotten the chance to contribute to what I’d call the new wave of open source tools, mostly, Analog Calendar. It was a pleasure to do something different while still allowing myself time to ponder and look around for new adventures.

As the year is almost over, I think I have found a glimpse of what that new adventure might be. I recently took some time to deeply think about what used to, and what still excites me at my core. Doing so, I realized two things: 

Many of the things that used to excite me no longer do so, mostly because of how my world view has changed over the past few years.

There are things that still excite me deeply, but are better to be left as hobbies. Turning them into the next big project would ruin that very excitement.

However, there are also two “things” that don’t fit either of these criteria, which I’m starting to pursue. Those are human-machine interfacing paradigms and vehicle/fleet operations. While they’re two vastly different subjects, they have a certain relationship with each other, that I believe I will be able to utilize.

As a start, I’m starting a new company with a new partner. We’re aiming to focus on making fleet operations more efficient for a start. If you’re interested in seeing the progress there, please [email](mailto:christoph@zimnicki.co) me. With September just getting started, I’m dedicating the period between now and the end of  this year to putting my head down and working on only these two concepts.

Christoph
